

Ti=PERFORMANCE OF DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS

1.Ti=Assumptions and presumptions in an SOW

1.1.sec=If a Statement of Work contains any assumptions as regards a certain condition being fulfilled or certain circumstances being present or absent, and such assumption appears to be incorrect, Customer shall not be required to pay additional fees or costs, unless the amount of such additional fees or costs is reasonably specified by Supplier and duly agreed to in advance by Customer. 

1.2.sec=For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding Sections 22.2 and 22.3, no extra costs related to the presence or absence of any conditions or circumstances shall be borne by Customer, unless Customer has accepted such costs in

1.3.Alt1.sec=writing

1.3.Alt2.sec=a Purchase Order

1.3.=[Z/Alt/2]

1.3.SecName={Xnum}.1.3

1.Alt1.sec={1.1.sec}

1.Alt2.sec={1.1.sec}  {1.2.sec} {1.3.sec}

1.SecName={Xnum}.1

1.=[Z/Alt/2]


2.Ti=Reliance on suggestions or proposals

2.sec=During all phases of a Development Project, Customer’s technical, quality and service employees or representatives are entitled to make suggestions and proposals in respect of any prototype, Pre-release Models and Products. No such suggestion or proposal shall bind a Party, unless it is confirmed by the persons authorised for such purpose and approved in a document signed by duly authorised representatives of both Parties.

3.Ti=Extra costs

3.sec=Before incurring costs that have not been expressed as an amount or budget in a {Statement of Work}{Purchase Order}, Supplier shall propose and agree with Customer on an allocation of such costs and an extra-costs reporting structure, to the extent that such costs are to be borne or reimbursed by Customer.

Note=[Optional:

4.Ti=Extra-costs reporting

4.sec=Upon request of Customer, Supplier shall monitor and report to Customer the costs related to a Development Project, including costs that are not subject to reimbursement by Customer, and any unforeseen financial risks of a Development Project. If Supplier must reasonably anticipate that a milestone agreed in a Statement of Work might exceed the budget allocated for it, Supplier shall promptly inform Customer in writing.

5.Ti=Specifications

5.sec=All results that follow from a Statement of Work shall be documented in the Specifications. The copyright in the Specifications and each modification of it shall be owned by Customer.

=[Z/ol/5]
