 

Annex 1. Statement of Work

Below is a check list of matters that could be included in a Statement of Work.

Note: if the scope or impact of certain parts of the work is uncertain, it is important to express this by formulating assumptions regarding the expected presence or absence of facts or circumstances, by identifying the uncertain factors (with possible options), or by allowing a decision making process for further specification (but see already Articles 17 and 22):

PROJECT {INSERT NAME}

1.1.Ti=Scope and background

.1.sec=Explain level of innovation or discipline

.2.sec={Commercial (applications …)}

.3.sec=Identify know how and expertise expected to be already available at each of the Parties (or each Party’s appropriateness to provide certain know how or expertise)

1.2.Ti=Objectives and deliverables

.1.sec=Technical specifications or requirements to be met:

..1.sec=…

..2.sec=…

.2.sec={Deliverables by individual parties (separate from joint deliverables)}

.3.sec=Work breakdown (WBS)

.4.sec=Test plan

.5.sec=Acceptance tests

1.3.Ti=Project timing (including criteria for each phase)

.1.sec=Starting date

.2.sec=Define phases (incl. specific time schedule), as applicable:

..1.sec=Further definition of the project scope, and preliminary design

..2.sec=Design approval (go, no-go)

..3.sec=Prototype development

..4.sec=Establish qualification requirements (go, no-go)

..5.sec=Development milestones

..6.sec=Acceptance tests and validation of the Work

..7.sec=Upscaling

.3.sec=Dates of work consultations and interim reporting

.4.sec=Planning: starting dates of subprojects, dates of meetings and interim reporting dates

.5.sec=Evaluation and results reporting

1.4.Ti=Milestones and payment schedule

1.5.Ti=Organisation

.1.sec=People, roles and responsibilities

.2.sec=Resources (i.e., number of FTE and available budgets) 

.3.sec=Reporting structure

1.6.Ti=Approved subcontractors, third party involvement and required/permitted OEM products

1.7.Ti=List of all standards and third party rights used in any part of the Work

1.8.Ti=…



Annex 2. Products

{to be inserted: Products}

Annex 3. Software

{to be inserted: terms of licence of software}



Annex 4. Service Level Agreement (SLA)



{to be inserted: SLA’s}

Annex 5. Equipment on loan

1.Ti=SCOPE

1.1.Ti=Goods on loan. The Parties hereby confirm that Customer has made available to Supplier and accordingly, Supplier has accepted the delivery of certain equipment, jigs, dies, moulds or other tooling listed in the attached list from time to time (the Equipment)

1.2.Ti=Limited scope of use. Customer hereby authorises Supplier to use the Equipment for the sole purpose of performing and completing its activities for Customer from time to time (the Authorised Purpose). Supplier shall not use the Equipment for any purpose other than the Authorised Purpose.

1.3.Ti=Identification of the Equipment. The Parties acknowledge that the attached list is a best effort identification of the Equipment made available by Customer to Supplier and each Party undertakes with the other Party to replace the attached list by an up-to-date list from time to time.

1.4.Ti=Free of charge. The Equipment is made available to Supplier at no charge.

2.Ti=RESPONSIBILITIES OF SUPPLIER

2.1.Ti=Duties of care. Supplier shall:

.1.sec=store the Equipment diligently and implement adequate security measures;

.2.sec=generally observe due care in using the Equipment and use the Equipment in accordance with (i) all instructions and directions by Customer to Supplier, and (ii) all applicable laws and regulations, including all safety regulations promulgated by government authorities having jurisdiction over the use of the Equipment;

.3.sec=maintain the Equipment in good order, including calibrating the Equipment;

.4.sec=repair or replace any parts of the Equipment that become damaged after Customer made the Equipment available to Supplier.

All related costs shall be for Supplier’s account. In particular, Supplier shall make lockable and suitable rooms and grounds available for storage and maintenance of the Equipment. At any time after prior notice and during normal business hours, Supplier shall provide Customer and its representatives free access to all rooms and grounds where the Equipment are located.

2.2.Ti=Sufficiently skilled to operate and handle. Supplier warrants that it has adequate skills and experience for and is familiar with the proper use and operation of the Equipment. Supplier shall ascertain that each operator utilizing the Equipment is properly trained and knowledgeable in the use of the Equipment. In the event that Supplier fails to meet the requirements of the preceding sentences, Supplier shall return the Equipment to Customer without undue delay.

2.3.Ti=Insurance. Supplier shall arrange for adequate insurance cover for damage to and loss or theft of the Equipment up to their replacement value of EUR _____. Upon Customer’s first written request, Supplier shall submit the certificate of insurance of the Equipment.

2.4.Ti=No sub-loan to third parties. Supplier shall not make the Equipment available to third parties unless it has first obtained the written consent of Customer. In such case, the availability shall strictly be for the purpose of such third party’s involvement, be subject to obligations of diligence and care vis-à-vis Customer which are no less restrictive than apply to Supplier, and Supplier shall continue to bear the entire risk for the Equipment.

2.5.Ti=Use restrictions and prohibited acts. Supplier shall not and shall not permit its employees or any third party to (a) use or copy the Equipment or any part thereof, (b) use the Equipment for any purpose other than the Authorised Purpose, (c) modify, translate or prepare derivative works based on the Equipment, (d) rent, lease, loan, sell, transfer, distribute or sublicense the Equipment or any copy or part thereof to any other person or entity, (e) reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer any part of the Equipment, (f) alter, remove or obscure any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices or confidentiality legend on or in the Equipment, or (g) disclose or publish any performance benchmark results for the Equipment.

3.Ti=MAINTENANCE OF THE EQUIPMENT

3.1.Ti=Risk and presumed status. Upon delivery at Supplier’s premises, the Equipment shall be at Supplier’s risk. The Equipment shall continue to be at Supplier’s risk until the Equipment has been made available to Customer in accordance with Customer´s written instructions. Unless Supplier informs Customer otherwise in writing within five days after receipt of the Equipment, the Equipment shall be deemed to be received in good order and be suitable for the Authorised Purpose.

3.2.Ti=Inspection upon receipt. Supplier warrants that upon its receipt, it has examined the Equipment, and that its condition is adequate for use for the Authorised Purpose. In the event the Equipment is not as Supplier warrants or not in an adequate condition (but notwithstanding any liability of Supplier pursuant to this Agreement), Supplier shall promptly contact Customer for replacement, and shall discontinue the use of the Equipment.

3.3.Ti=Relocation. Customer shall be entitled, at its discretion, at any time to carry away or to have the Equipment moved to a location indicated by Customer. Upon Customer’s written request and at Customer’s expense, Supplier shall move the Equipment or any part of it by Customer to a location indicated by Customer.

3.4.Ti=Return upon first request. At Customer’s first written request, Supplier shall return the Equipment to Customer in the condition in which the Equipment were at the date of arrival at Supplier´s premises, normal wear and tear and approved changes excepted.

4.Ti=TITLE TO THE EQUIPMENT

4.1.Ti=No transfer of ownership. The Equipment shall be on loan from Customer to Supplier and not be sold, leased or transferred. The ownership of the Equipment shall at all times remain with Customer.

4.2.Ti=Modifications. If any modification to the Equipment is made, Customer shall own such modification as of the moment of its creation without any formality being required. To the extent necessary and notwithstanding Section 6.3, Supplier hereby assigns and transfers to Customer and accordingly, Customer hereby accepts all intellectual property rights with respect to such modifications to the Equipment.

4.3.Ti=Bookkeeping, possible insolvency and attachments. Supplier undertakes to account for the Equipment in its books and records as the property of Customer. Furthermore, Supplier undertakes to make every effort to maintain the rights of Customer in respect of the Equipment, and to notify Customer promptly of anything that may be relevant to Customer in connection with the Equipment and the maintenance of Customer’s rights, including, if applicable, of Supplier’s bankruptcy, the filing of a petition for a moratorium or attachment of property; in these cases Supplier shall show this agreement to the receiver, administrator or process server serving the writ of attachment.

4.4.Ti=No detrimental encumbrances. Supplier shall neither transfer the Equipment to any third party, nor encumber or allow a pledge on any part of the Equipment. Supplier shall not do anything in respect of the Equipment which may be detrimental to the interests of Customer.

5.Ti=DISCLAIMER AND INDEMNIFICATION

5.1.Ti=Disclaimer. The Equipment and any and all parts thereof are provided “AS IS” without any further warranties as to the quality of the substance or the manufacture thereof. Customer expressly disclaims (a) any warranty that the Equipment shall be merchantable, fit for any particular purpose, or not violate or infringe any intellectual property rights of third parties, and (b) any other warranties in respect of the Equipment, express or implied, except as expressly stated in this Agreement.

5.2.Ti=Indemnity. Supplier shall defend and indemnify Customer against all damages, costs and expenses, whether directly or indirectly arising from a claim by a third party and including any product liability claims, as a result of Supplier possessing or using the Equipment.

6.Ti=MISCELLANEOUS

6.1.Ti=Confidential nature. The existence of this Agreement and its terms are confidential Information.

6.2.Ti=Customer’s markings. Supplier shall not remove, cover or modify any markings on the Equipment (whether identifying Customer as the owner or otherwise).

6.3.Ti=Further assurances. The Parties shall cooperate with each other and execute such forms and documents and take such other actions as may reasonably be requested from time to time in order to carry out, evidence or confirm the other Party’s rights or obligations or as may be reasonably necessary or helpful to give effect to the provisions of this Agreement.

List of Equipment on loan

{Insert a list of the equipment on loan here}

Annex 6. Declarations regarding CSR and Code of Ethics

{Attach signed copies of declarations of compliance with CSR principles and General Business Principles (or Code of Ethics)}  
