Ti=PROTOTYPES AND PRE-RELEASE MODELS

1.Ti=Pre-release Models

1.sec=Supplier shall deliver to Customer production prototypes or models (of ‘Products’) which conform to the Specifications (Pre-release Models) in accordance with the Time Schedule. Supplier shall provide all documentation and information enabling an adequate testing of the Pre-release Model. Unless the Parties agree otherwise in writing, the Pre-release Models shall be made with components, materials, technologies and by using processes identical to those to be applied during volume-production of the Products.

2.Ti=Pre-release Model tests

2.0.sec=Article {25.Xnum} applies to the tests and verifications conducted by Customer as to whether the Pre-release Models conform to the Specifications. Customer shall give Supplier a reasonable opportunity to attend the type-approval tests, at Supplier’s costs.

2.1.sec=If Customer reasonably determines that certain modifications of the Pre-release Models are required in order to achieve compliance with the Specifications or to remedy defective or inferior workmanship or material, Supplier shall modify the Pre-release Models accordingly and deliver the new Pre-release Models as soon as possible, free of charge.

2.2.sec=Section {22.Xnum}.2 applies to modifications of the Specifications or improvements of the Pre-release Models in addition to the Specifications, and implementation of such modification or improvement shall be subject to Customer’s separate Purchase Order. The modified or improved Pre-release Model shall be subject to testing in accordance with this Section {Xnum}.2.

2.=[Z/ol/s2]

Note=[Optional: 

3.Ti=Safety-risk assessment

3.sec=Prior to the commercial release of a Product, Supplier shall perform a safety-risk assessment and keep a risk assessment report together with all data related to the Product. Upon first request by Customer, Supplier shall provide such report and data to Customer and assist Customer in any investigations it may request from time to time.

Note=[Optional: 

4.Ti=No waiver

4.sec=The tests of a Pre-release Model by Customer shall neither relieve Supplier of any of its obligations under this Agreement nor constitute acceptance of a Product nor a waiver of any defect, non-conformity, warranty or other rights or remedies under this Agreement.

=[Z/ol/4]
