Ti=INTERPRETATION
 
1.Ti=Definitions
 
1.0.sec=In this Agreement:
 
1.1.sec={_Changes} means all modifications, updates, corrections and new versions of the [Source Code] provided or to be provided by Supplier to Customer pursuant to the Principal Agreement or any supplementary agreements or amendments thereto, including a copy of the latest deposited version of the Escrow Data.
 
1.2.sec={_Escrow_Data} means all technical information, including technical drawings, documentation related to the [Source Code] and any Changes from time to time.
 
1.3.sec={_Materials} means the data carriers in the form of paper or electronic media, containing a copy of the Escrow Data.
 
1.4.sec={_Principal} Agreement has the meaning ascribed to it in Recital (A).
 
1.5.sec={_Source_Code} has the meaning ascribed to it in Recital (A).
 
1.6.sec={_Triggering} Event means any of the events enumerated in Section 6.2 and 6.3, as the case may be.

1.=[Z/paras/s6]
 
2.Ti=Interpretation
 
2.0.sec=Except as otherwise defined, in this Agreement references to:
 
2.1.sec=a communication in writing include e-mail and electronic messages accessible and printable by commonly used software applications;
 
2.2.sec=Articles, Sections, Schedules and Annexes are references to articles and sections of and schedules and annexes to this Agreement.
 
2.=[Z/ol-a/s2]
 
3.Ti=Schedules and priority
 
3.sec=The Schedules and Annexes are an integral part of this Agreement and references to this Agreement shall include its Schedules and Annexes. In the event of any ambiguity or inconsistency between the provisions of a Schedule or an Annex and in the body of this Agreement, the latter shall prevail.

=[Z/ol/3]