Ti=COUNTERFEIT COMPONENTS

1.Ti=Warranty and restricted sourcing

1.sec=Supplier warrants that all Products are free from counterfeit materials or components. Supplier shall only purchase materials, components and spare parts directly from an OEM or from distributors or aftermarket manufacturers authorised by such OEM, unless it obtained the express prior written approval by Customer. If Supplier obtains Customer’s approval, Supplier shall implement all such measures and take such actions as are necessary to ascertain that the Products and all its materials and components are new, unused and authentic.

2.Ti=Certificate of Conformity and traceability

2.sec=Supplier shall ensure the availability of all Certificates of Conformity and related documentation issued by OEMs for all materials and components and shall, upon request, provide Customer with a copy. Supplier shall implement and maintain a method of traceability ensuring tracking of the supply chain to every OEM, authorised distributor and aftermarket manufacturer for each Product and every material and component.

3.Ti=Incapability to certify origin

3.sec=If Supplier establishes that the origin of all directly and indirectly obtained (parts of) Products cannot entirely be certified by Certificate of Conformity, Supplier shall promptly notify Customer and (a) suspend performance of a delivery of Products, or (b) if Customer requires continuation of performance, reflect the details of a deviation from Section 30.2 on the Certificate of Conformity.

4.Ti=Subcontractors

4.sec=Supplier shall procure that its suppliers and subcontractors comply with this Article {Xnum}. Supplier shall promptly notify Customer giving all details of any inability or unwillingness of a supplier or subcontractor to comply with this Article {Xnum}.

5.Ti=Criminal reporting

5.sec=Customer may notify and hand over the counterfeit Products (or materials or components) to any government authorities and withhold payment for the related Products pending the results of any investigation.

6.Ti=Remedies

6.sec=Supplier shall promptly replace all counterfeit Products and Spare Parts with Products or Spare Parts acceptable to Customer. Unless Customer determines otherwise in writing, if the warranty in Section {Xnum}.1 is incorrect in respect of certain Products or Spare Parts and in case of any breach of Section {Xnum}.1, such incorrectness or breach shall be deemed to constitute an Epidemic Defect and Article 13 shall apply mutatis mutandis. Notwithstanding the previous sentences, counterfeit Products and Spare Parts may be impounded by Customer. The exercise of any remedies under this Article {Xnum} shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to Customer under this Agreement or the applicable law.

=[Z/ol/6]
