
Ti=FURTHER SPECIFICATION AND VARIATION

1.Ti=Detailing of the Specifications

1.sec=Customer shall be entitled to further specify or detail the Specifications in writing, as it deems necessary or desirable, provided that it does not affect any agreed service fees or the time schedule agreed between the Parties in writing (the Time Schedule). Supplier shall implement all such further specifications and detailing, except that if the specification or detailing results in a modification of work already completed by Supplier in accordance with the agreed time schedule, the costs of such modification shall be for the account of the Party that provided such further specification or detailing. Any further specification or detailing shall not affect the Time Schedule.

2.Ti=Change of Specifications by Customer

2.sec=Customer is entitled to amend the Specifications prior to delivery of the Product or Milestone to which such amendment pertains, provided that such an amendment is specific as regards the impact on the Specifications (a Customer Change Request), indicating as much as reasonably possible the consequences regarding form, fit, function and use, the implementation and any related cost effects. After receipt of a Customer Change Request, Supplier shall inform Customer of the anticipated consequences in a Change Impact Report in accordance with Section 22.4. To the extent that the Customer Change Request is not specific about the impact on the Specifications, Supplier shall request Customer to provide a further specification or detailing in accordance with Section 22.1.

3.Ti=Change requests by Supplier

3.sec=Supplier shall not modify the Products in deviation of the Specifications. Any proposal by Supplier to amend the Specifications shall be accompanied by a preliminary estimate of the impact of such amendment (a Supplier Change Request). After receipt of the Supplier Change Request, Customer shall notify Supplier whether it wants to proceed with the Supplier Change Request. Unless Customer indicates otherwise, Supplier shall prepare a Change Impact Report in accordance with Section 22.4.

4.Ti=Change Impact Report

4.0.sec=Each report of the consequences of a Change Request shall in any event address the consequences regarding:

4.1.sec=form, fit, function and use of the Product;

4.2.sec=the Specifications;

4.3.sec=the costs for developing and implementing the changes, as well as the proposed price of the Product;

4.4.sec=a proposed project plan (e.g., timing, costs, milestones) and the anticipated impact on the Time Schedule;

4.5.sec=any planned obsolescence of current Products and the Products developed pursuant to a Statement of Work; and

4.6.sec=any other matters as are reasonably necessary to provide Customer a complete and accurate insight regarding the consequences of the requested change.

4.00.sec=Such report, addressing all of the above items, a Change Impact Report.

4.=[Z/ol/s6]

5.Ti=Required approval, waiver or concession

5.1.sec=After receipt of the Change Impact Report, Supplier shall notify Customer as soon as practicable whether it approves the Change Impact Report. Upon Customer’s approval, Customer shall provide Supplier with a written waiver or concession identifying how the Specifications and the Time Schedule be amended. 

5.2.sec=A Change Request shall not be implemented prior to Customer’s written approval, waiver or concession.


5.Alt1.sec={5.1.sec}

5.Alt2.sec={5.1.sec} {5.2.sec}

5.=[Z/Alt/2]

5.SecName={Xnum}.5

6.Ti=Dispute settlement

6.sec=If the Parties disagree (a) whether further specification or detailing of the Specification constitutes a modification of the Specifications, or (b) about the consequences of a Change Request or a Change Impact Report, the Parties shall first attempt to achieve an amicable solution. Failing a satisfactory solution, each Party shall be entitled to submit the matter to administered expertise proceedings in accordance with the Rules for Expertise of the International Chamber of Commerce. The findings of the expert shall be binding upon the Parties.

=[Z/ol/6]
