Ti=INTERPRETATION

1.Ti=Definitions.

1.0.sec=In this Agreement:

1.1.sec=Acceptance Tests means the tests established in the Statement of Work, and such acceptance tests as Customer deems appropriate to verify whether a Product is capable of meeting the Specifications.

1.2.sec=Affiliate means, in relation to a person, any company or other entity, whether or not a legal person, which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under joint control with that person. For this purpose, a person is deemed to control a company or entity if it (a) owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the capital of the other company or entity, or (b) has the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of such company or entity.

1.3.sec=Background IP means, by reference to a Party, all Intellectual Property Rights made available by such Party to the other Party as part of a Product, excluding Foreground IP, (a) owned by such Party or any of its Affiliates, or (b) licensed or made available by a third party to such Party, under which such Party is authorised to grant licenses.

1.4.sec=Background Know-How means, by reference to a Party, all Know-How, excluding Foreground Know-How, (a) owned by such Party, or (b) licensed or made available by a third party to such Party, under which such Party is authorised to grant licenses.

1.5.sec=Change Impact Report has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 22.4.

1.6.sec=Claim has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 29.1.

1.7.sec=Certificate of Conformity means a certificate of conformity, consistent with Customer’s instructions Certificate of Conformity from time to time.

1.8.sec=Change Request means a Customer Change Request or a Supplier Change Request, as the case may be.

1.9.sec=Confidential Information means any information of a non-public, confidential or proprietary nature, whether of commercial, financial or technical nature, customer, supplier, product or production-related or otherwise, disclosed by a Party (the Disclosing Party) to the other Party (the Receiving Party). Such information may be disclosed in any form, provided that it is disclosed reasonably in connection with this Agreement.

1.10.sec=Delivery Date has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.3.

1.11.sec=Effective Date means {}.

1.12.sec=Epidemic Defect means any failure in respect of {5 percent} or more Products of a certain type, or Products of a comparable type that were delivered during any 12-months period, to meet the warranties in this Agreement and which failure is identical or substantially similar.

1.13.sec=Force Majeure means unforeseeable and unavoidable circumstances entirely beyond the control of the Party concerned, such as an act of God and wars.

1.14.sec=Foreground IP means, by reference to a Party, all Intellectual Property that arises as a result or in the context of any activity pursuant to this Agreement.

1.15.sec=Information Security Program has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 36.3. 

1.16.sec=Intellectual Property means non-patented inventions, Patents, utility models, designs, copyrighted works (including computer software), Know How and all other intellectual property of a similar nature (excluding trademarks, service marks and trade names), whether or not registered or applied for registration.

1.17.sec=Key Employee has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 19.1.

1.18.sec=Know-How means all knowledge, drawings, specifications, samples, models, instructions, algorithms, working methods, ideas, concepts, technology, applied development engineering data, reports, notes and all other technical or commercial information, data and documents of any kind.

1.19.sec=Long Lead Time Components has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.6.

1.20.sec=Milestone means a deliverable or milestone as defined in a Statement of Work, and failing such definition the agreed result of such Statement of Work.

1.21.sec=OEM means original equipment manufacturer.

1.22.sec=Patents means all patents and patent applications in any jurisdiction in the world, including any divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part, reissue, renewal, re-examination or extension thereof.

1.23.sec=Personal Data means individually identifiable information from or about a private individual, which may include (a) first and last name, home or other physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, (b) credit or debit card information, including card number, expiration date and any data stored on such card, (c) financial account information, (d) driver’s license, passport, ID card, tax or social security number, (e) medical, health or disability information, including insurance policy numbers, (f) passwords, fingerprints, biometric data, or (g) other data about an individual, or information that reveals any such personal data.

1.24.sec=Pre-release Model has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 27.1.

1.25.sec=Privacy Incident has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 36.2.

1.26.sec=Product means the products identified in Annex 2 from time to time[Optional: , including any related Services}.

1.27.sec=Purchase Order means a purchase order from Customer or its Affiliates for Products.

1.28.sec=Services means the services provided by Supplier{, as described in a Statement of Work}.

1.29.sec=Spare Parts means any spare part or replacement component for Products, or parts of Products, delivered or to be delivered by Supplier.

1.30.sec=Specifications means Customer’s product specifications, quality requirements, properties, features, functionalities, attributes of (a Milestone or) the Product as set forth in a Statement of Work, and failing such specifications, the Product shall in any event satisfy the customary standards commonly adopted in the industry in respect of soundness, safety, suitability and workmanship.

1.31.sec=Supplier Change Request has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 22.3.

1.32.sec=Customer Change Request has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 22.2.

1.33.sec=Time Schedule has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 22.1.

1.34.sec=Working Group has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 17.5.

1.=[Z/ol/s34]

2.Ti=Interpretation

2.0.sec=Except as otherwise defined, in this Agreement:

2.1.sec=references to a communication in writing include e-mail and electronic messages accessible and printable by commonly used software applications;

2.2.sec=Article headings and captions are for convenience only;

2.3.sec=references to Articles, Sections, Schedules and Annexes are references to articles and sections of and schedules and annexes to this Agreement.

2.=[Z/ol/s3]

3.Ti=Best efforts

3.1.sec=Where any obligation is qualified or phrased by reference to use reasonable endeavors, best efforts or wording of a similar nature, it means the efforts that a determined and reasonable person desirous of achieving a result would use in similar circumstances to ensure that such result is achieved as expeditious as possible. 

3.2.sec=The person under such an obligation shall, if a result aimed at is not achieved or achieved after delay, upon the request by a Party provide evidence of (a) all actions taken by it in order to fulfil this obligation, (b) any choices made where two or more alternative courses of action would have been reasonably appropriate, and (c) plausibly how any external factors (adversely) influenced its performance and the achieved result.

3.=[Z/ol/s2]

4.Ti=Schedules and priority

4.sec=The Schedules and Annexes are an integral part of this Agreement and references to this Agreement shall include its Schedules and Annexes. In the event of any ambiguity or inconsistency between the provisions of a Schedule or an Annex and in the body of this Agreement, the latter shall prevail.

5.Ti=Inconsistencies in SOWs

5.sec=Notwithstanding Section {Xnum}.4, in the event of any inconsistency between a provision in the body of this Agreement and in a Statement of Work, the provision in this Agreement shall prevail, unless the Statement of Work expressly overrules this Agreement by making a specific reference to the relevant Article or Section.

6.Ti=Deviation by Purchase Orders

6.sec=The express terms and conditions of a Purchase Order shall prevail over the provisions of this Agreement and a Statement of Work, except that the incorporation or reference to the applicability of standard terms of purchase or other general conditions remains without effect.

=[Z/ol/6]
