Ti=[OPTIONAL: STEERING COMMITTEE

1.Ti=Establishment

1.sec=The Parties hereby establish a steering committee composed of representatives of each Party for conducting an overall supervision of each Party’s performance and the direction of the activities pursuant to this Agreement, as well as any matters that the Parties have delegated to such committee from time to time for their decision (the Steering Committee). Except to the extent the Parties agree otherwise, the terms for the Steering Committee shall be as provided in this Article {Xnum}.

2.Ti=Organisation

2.sec=Each Party shall appoint one representative and one alternate representative to serve on the Steering Committee. Each Party may change its representative or its alternate representative at any time by giving prior notice to the other Parties.

Note=[Optional: 

3.Ti=Power of attorney

3.sec=The representative of each Party and the alternate representative shall be authorised to represent and bind that Party with respect to any matter within the powers of the Steering Committee. Each representative shall have one vote. In the event of a deadlock, the vote of the Customer representative (or alternate representative) shall be decisive and binding.

Note=[Optional: 

4.Ti=Responsibilities

4.0.sec=The Steering Committee shall be responsible for:

4.1.sec=overall supervision and evaluations of the activities pursuant to this Agreement;

4.2.sec=deciding or approving on important matters related to a modification of the scope of any Development Project, {}, the scope and contents of any work package, and the initiation, suspension or termination of any work package;

4.3.sec=evaluating each Party’s and each Party’s employees’ performance under this Agreement; and

4.4.sec=facilitating the completion of milestones and delivery of deliverables in accordance with this Agreement.

4.=[Z/ol/s4]

Note=[Optional: 

5.Ti=Working groups

5.0.sec=The activities pursuant to this Agreement shall be conducted through one or more working groups consisting of employees of each Party (each, a Working Group). Each Working Group shall be responsible for completing a work package and delivering the deliverables, milestones and results defined in connection with such work package. The Steering Committee shall determine:

5.1.sec=the precise contents and scope of each work package;

5.2.sec=the time schedule for completing a work package and delivering the deliverables, milestones and results, in any event in accordance with the agreed time schedule.

5.00.sec=The replacement of a Party’s member of a Working Group by another employee requires the prior notification in writing to the other Party’s representative within the Steering Committee. The Working Groups shall be responsible for carrying out only the activities for which they are made responsible and shall report to the Steering Committee on the progress of their work on a regular basis and as requested by the Steering Committee.

5.=[Z/ol/s2]


=[Z/ol/5]
