
Ti=INSPECTION AND TESTING

1.Ti=Inspection and testing by Supplier

1.sec=Supplier shall inspect and test each Product before delivery to Customer. Supplier shall keep record of all test results at least ten years after delivery of each Product and upon request provide Customer with copies thereof.

Note=Optional (in case of Factory Acceptance Test (FAT)):

2.Ti=No extra inspection by Customer

2.sec=Customer is under no obligation to conduct any inspection or testing of incoming Products, or concerning compliance with the Specifications, even if Supplier advises to conduct any such inspection or testing for any reason.

Note=[Optional (in case an FAI, First Article Inspection, is required): 

3.Ti=First article inspection (FAI)

3.sec=Without prejudice to Article {11.Xnum}, Products which are subject to first article inspection shall be tested for acceptance in accordance with Article {25.Xnum}.

4.Ti=Intermediate testing

4.sec=Notwithstanding Section {Xnum}.2, Customer and its representatives are entitled to inspect and test the Products during their manufacture, processing or storage at the premises of Supplier or any third party. Supplier shall provide Customer with all facilities reasonably required for inspection and testing. Such inspection or testing shall not constitute acceptance of any Products by Customer and does not relieve Supplier of its obligations under this Agreement. If Customer is not satisfied that the Products shall comply in all respects with the Specifications, Supplier shall, at no additional cost to Customer, take such steps as are necessary to ensure compliance.

Note=[Optional: 

5.Ti=Notice of non-conformity

5.sec=If Supplier establishes that a Product is unsuitable for its intended use it shall promptly notify Customer and undertake with Customer to take all remedial actions, which Customer may be required to take.

=[Z/ol/5]
