
Ti=SUBCONTRACTING AND SUPPLY CHAIN

1.Ti=No subcontracting

1.sec=Supplier shall not subcontract any part of the performance under this Agreement or a Purchase Order to a third party, unless Customer has given prior written approval. An approval shall not release Supplier from any of its obligations or liability under this Agreement. Customer may revoke its approval to engage any subcontractor or supplier at any time by written notice.

2.Ti=Quality levels

2.sec=Supplier shall develop, structure, maintain and continuously improve a competent supply base and only contract Customer-approved suppliers.

3.Ti=Supply chain risk management reporting

3.sec=Supplier shall inform Customer about all material risks in the entire supply chain to the extent such risk may have an impact on the delivery, quality or performance of a Product. Within one month after identifying any such risk, Supplier shall provide Customer with a risk mitigation plan. After approval by Customer of such plan, Supplier shall periodically inform Customer on the status of any risk mitigation actions.

4.Ti=Supply chain communication

4.sec=Supplier shall facilitate direct communications in the entire supply chain between Customer and all its suppliers and subcontractors directly or indirectly responsible for the delivery, quality or performance of Products. These communications may include technical discussions, supply chain management issues, business continuity risks, delivery or quality reliability.

5.Ti=Subcontractors’ full compliance

5.1.sec=Supplier shall bind its subcontractors and other second-tier suppliers to at least similar conditions as are applicable to Supplier itself under this Agreement. Upon Customer’s first request, Supplier shall provide Customer with documentation to confirm that Supplier has in all respects complied with this requirement.

5.2.sec=Quarterly, Supplier shall report how its key suppliers and subcontractors have performed in the preceding year.

5.Alt1.sec={5.1.sec}

5.Alt2.sec={5.1.sec} {5.2.sec}

5.SecName={Xnum}.5

5.=[Z/Alt/2]

=[Z/ol/5]
