Ti=RESPONSABILITIES OF THE ESCROW AGENT
 
1.Ti=General duties
 
1.0.sec=The Escrow Agent undertakes to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall:
 
1.1.sec=store the Material diligently and observe due care in respect of the Material.
 
1.2.sec=only be entitled to break the seal of any deposited Material in case of a Triggering Event.
 
1.3.sec=confirm each receipt of Material to Customer and Supplier, stating the date of delivery.
 
1.4.sec=upon completion of a delivery of Material in case of Changes, return to Supplier the Material last delivered to it by Supplier or destroy it, unless Supplier objects to its destruction in writing within ten days after the delivery. In that case, the Escrow Agent shall also keep the original Material.
 
1.=[Z/ol-a/s4]
 
2.Ti=Liability
 
2.sec=The Escrow Agent’s liability in respect of Customer and Supplier is limited to the fee paid to the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement during the 12 months preceding an event that caused any damages.
 
3.Ti=No warranties by Escrow Agent
 
3.sec=The Escrow Agent shall at no time be required to make any statement or warranty as regards the Escrow Data or the Material, except to the extent it relates to the exterior form of the Material. The Escrow Agent disclaims all liability for any Escrow Data being present or readable on any Material. The Escrow Agent disclaims that the Material is suitable or adequate for the purposes of this Agreement and that the Material shall not be affected by the passing of time, (atmospheric) circumstances or any other circumstances.
 
4.Ti=Indemnity
 
4.sec=Supplier shall indemnify the Escrow Agent and each of its representatives and employees against any liabilities, including any expenses incurred in enforcing its right to indemnification under this Agreement. This Section 4.5 shall survive any resignation of the Escrow Agent or a termination of this Agreement.
 
5.Ti=Costs and expenses
 
5.sec=All costs, whether in legal proceedings or otherwise, incurred by the Escrow Agent as a result of a breach of any obligation under this Agreement by one Party shall be borne by that Party. If such costs are a result of a breach of any obligation under this Agreement by both other Parties, each of those other Parties shall be jointly and severally liable for reimbursement of these costs.

 
=[Z/ol/5]