Ti=REPORTING AND EVALUATION

1.Ti=Continuous reporting

1.sec=The Parties undertake to contact each other regularly to discuss the progress and any results of and problems related to the Development Projects. Ultimately two weeks before such a meeting, Supplier shall provide Customer with a summary in writing of the progress, any results obtained and problems encountered.

Note=[Optional: 

2.Ti=Completion report

2.sec=Within four weeks after completion of a Development Project, Supplier shall submit a final written report to Customer including a detailed description of the activities performed and the results obtained.

3.Ti=Audit right

3.0.sec=Customer is entitled to perform, or have performed by its customers or their representatives, an audit of:

3.1.sec=whether the Products are capable of meeting the Specifications;

3.2.sec=documentation relating to a Product’s conformity to the Specifications;

3.3.sec=the production and production-related processes in Supplier’s supply chain, to the extent they are related to Products;

Note=[Optional:

3.4.sec=Supplier’s compliance with its Information Security Program;

3.5.sec=Supplier’s facilities and premises where work in connection with this Agreement is performed; and

3.6.sec=Supplier’s environmental processes and their implementation.

3.00.sec=Supplier shall make best efforts to make the audit effective and shall provide Customer, its customers and their representatives, at no charge, all reasonable assistance, accommodation and facilities, and access to its facilities, offices, employees and books and records. Audits shall be conducted in a manner that minimises any disruption of Supplier’s normal operations.

3.=[Z/ol/s6]

4.Ti=Remedy of non-compliances

4.sec=Customer shall inform Supplier if an audit reveals any irregularities or non-compliances with this Agreement in such detail as Customer may deem appropriate. Supplier shall remedy such irregularities or non-compliances without delay, free of charge and without deferring any pending Delivery Date.

5.Ti=Efforts to improve

5.sec=Supplier shall make best efforts in order to establish, document, apply, maintain, assess and improve, and evaluate the outcomes of every evaluation meeting and every audit.

=[Z/ol/5]
