
Ti=REMEDIES AND WARRANTY-RETURNS PROCEDURE

Note=[Optional: 

1.Ti=Remedy

1.0.sec=In case of a warranty under Article 11 being incorrect (a warranty breach), Customer shall notify Supplier in writing and, if the warranty breach is capable of remedy, permit Supplier to promptly remedy it. If Supplier fails to remedy the warranty breach within {48 hours} after receipt of notice, Customer shall be entitled, at its discretion and at Supplier’s expense, to:

1.1.sec=return the defective Products in accordance with Section 12.3;

1.2.sec=obtain repair or replacement of the defective Products or Services in accordance with Section 12.4;

1.3.sec=if Customer has reason to believe that Supplier is unable to repair or replace the defective Products or Services promptly, carry out (or have carried out) any work necessary to make the Product or Services comply with Article 11;

1.4.sec=require updating of any documentation related to products in which the Products are used, and the replacement of any stock of Products and Spare Parts, components, special equipment in the possession of Customer;

1.5.sec=refuse to accept any further Products or Services, without prejudice to Supplier’s liability caused by the defective Products or Services; and

1.6.sec=compensation of all damages and losses caused by the defective Products and Services or as a result of Customer’s breach of obligations or warranties towards its customers and end-users.

1.00.sec=The remedies in this Article 12 are cumulative and do not exclude any rights or remedies available to Customer under this Agreement or the applicable law.

1.=[Z/ol/s6]

2.Ti=Defective design remedy

2.1.sec=In the event of a design failure, Customer may determine, at its discretion, that the failure constitutes an Epidemic Defect, and require that Supplier submits a mutually acceptable, adequate redesign plan within {15 days} after request from Customer. The redesign plan shall cover an intermediate and permanent design solution as required by and consistent with Customer’s testing, qualification and production processes and the Specifications.

2.2.sec=Customer’s approval of the redesign plan does not release Supplier from its obligations under this Agreement. Supplier shall perform the redesign at its expense and within an agreed period of time, determined reasonably in relation to the impact of the design failure.

2.=[Z/ol/s2]

3.Ti=Return of defective Product

3.sec=If a defective Product is covered by the warranty in Article 11, Customer may return the Product to Supplier. Unless Supplier informs Customer within {five working days} after receipt of the defective Product that the defect is not covered by warranty, without prejudice to Customer’s other remedies, Supplier shall repay to Customer the full purchase price paid for such Product. Supplier shall issue a credit note for the relevant invoices, and make such repayment, if applicable, within five working days after receipt of the returned Product, unless Customer indicates otherwise. Ownership of the relevant Product shall be deemed to transfer back to Supplier upon settlement of the purchase price.

4.Ti=Repair or replacement

4.sec=If a defective Product is covered by the warranty in Article 11, Customer may require Supplier, at the option of Customer, to repair or replace the Product free of charge. Without prejudice to paragraph 12.1(c), Supplier shall return the repaired Product or deliver a replacement Product within {two weeks} after the date of notice of defect by Customer. In all cases, within three weeks after receipt of the defective Product, Supplier shall provide Customer, at Supplier’s cost, with a root cause analysis of the defect.

Note=[Optional: 

5.Ti=Damages and costs

5.sec=Supplier shall indemnify Customer against all damages and losses related to a warranty breach of Article 11 or incurred pursuant to this Article 12, including costs related to (a) collection and analysis, (b) repair and replacement, (c) extra expenses related to repair ‘in the field’, (d) a 100-percent inspection of suspected or questionable Products, (e) destruction of defective Products, (f) labour, (g) claim handling and administration, (h) logistics, (i) reasonable travel and lodging expenses; in each case without prejudice to other rights under this Agreement or the applicable law.

=[Z/ol/5]
