Ti=STATEMENTS OF WORK

1.Ti=Identifying development work and indicative quotation

1.sec=Prior to each Development Project, following a request by Customer and unless requested otherwise, Supplier shall issue an indicative quotation, which shall, if so requested by Customer, substantially be in the form of a Change Impact Report.

2.Ti=Statement of Work

2.1.sec=If the indicative quotation referred to in Section 21.1 is acceptable to Customer, the Development Project shall be documented in a separate Statement of Work. A Statement of Work shall, at a minimum, identify the elements listed in Annex 1, and be subject to this Agreement.

2.2.sec=Upon acceptance of a Purchase Order issued in connection with a Statement of Work, Supplier shall complete the Statement of Work in accordance with its terms and the Purchase Order.

2.Alt1.sec={2.1.sec}

2.Alt2.sec={2.1.sec} {2.2.sec}

2.SecName={Xnum}.2

2.=[Z/Alt/2]

Note=[Optional: 

3.Ti=Exclusivity

3.sec=If a Statement of Work provides for exclusivity of (any part of) the Development Work, unless the Parties agree otherwise, Supplier shall not and shall procure that none of its Affiliates shall discuss or negotiate with or provide any assistance to, any third party that may be interested in undertaking the same (or a substantially similar) Development Project or use the results of a Development Project.

4.Ti=Anticipatory development

4.sec=During each Development Project, Supplier shall develop a failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA) and make best efforts to identify all bottlenecks potentially arising in a ramp-up or volume production scenario preceding any increasing manufacturing volume of Products and shall report this to Customer from time to time.

5.Ti=Early termination of an SOW

5.1.sec=Unless the Statement of Work {Optional: or Purchase Order} expressly provides otherwise, if a Statement of Work provides for milestone payments or payments in instalments, Customer shall be entitled to terminate the Development Project upon the completion of any part of the Development Project in connection with which a milestone payment or instalment is defined.

5.2.1.sec=Such termination shall be without incurring any liability of Customer in addition to such milestone payment or instalment

5.2.2.sec=except that if Supplier, prior to cancellation, has ordered components or materials as necessitated by the Time Schedule in connection with subsequent milestones of the Statement of Work, the Parties shall make best efforts to cancel or reallocate such components and materials at the lowest costs reasonably possible. Unless the Statement of Work was terminated due to the quality of work provided by Supplier, Section 2.6 shall apply mutatis mutandis.

5.2.Alt1.sec={5.2.1.sec}

5.2.Alt2.sec={5.2.1.sec}, {5.2.2.sec}

5.2.=[Z/Alt/2]

5.2.SecName={Xnum}.5.2

5.=[Z/ol/s2]

6.Ti=Specifications and SOW are Confidential Information

6.sec=The Specifications and all contents and results of a Statement of Work are Confidential Information, remain the property of Customer and shall be used by Supplier solely for the purposes of the Statement of Work. This Section {Xnum}.6 also applies if the Specifications are created or modified by Supplier.
=[Z/ol/6]

