Ti=CONFIDENTIALITY

1.Ti=Disclosures

1.sec=The Disclosing Party shall furnish such Confidential Information to the Receiving Party as it deems necessary or helpful in relation to the Receiving Party’s performance of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Each Party shall use its best efforts to mark the Confidential Information which is disclosed in writing as confidential. Failure to do so, however, shall leave the other Party’s obligations set forth in this Agreement unaffected. Information that was not identified as confidential or proprietary shall be treated as Confidential Information upon a written notice to the Receiving Party within 30 days from disclosure. 

2.Ti=Disclosure to Affiliates and employees

2.sec=A Receiving Party shall only disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees or other representatives on a need-to-know basis. Prior to such disclosure, the Receiving Party shall inform each such person of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information. Notwithstanding due observance of this Section, the Receiving Party shall be liable for any breach of the provisions on confidentiality in this Agreement by such person.

3.Ti=General limitations

3.sec=A Receiving Party shall not use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for purposes other than in direct relation with this Agreement. The Receiving Party shall treat the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as it would use in respect of its own confidential information of similar importance, but in any event a reasonable level of care. Except as provided otherwise, the Receiving Party shall not disclose, disseminate or make accessible any part of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, in any way or form, to any third party. The Receiving Party shall treat, use and keep the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in conformity with all applicable legal requirements.

Note=[Optional: 

4.Ti=Non-analysis of samples

4.sec=The Receiving Party shall neither copy nor make structural or other analysis nor measure the properties or analyse the composition of any samples or any part of the Confidential Information other than strictly required for the scope of this Agreement.

Note=[Optional: 

5.Ti=No reverse engineering

5.sec=The Receiving Party shall not reverse-engineer, disassemble, re-assemble, modify or decompile any software or any part of the Confidential Information.

6.Ti=Exemptions

6.0.sec=The restrictions and obligations in this Agreement shall not apply to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, which:

6.1.sec=is or has become generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the Receiving Party (or its representatives);

6.2.sec=was received by the Receiving Party from a third party and not indirectly from the Disclosing Party in violation of any obligation of secrecy or non-use; or

6.3.sec=was in the possession of the Receiving Party prior to disclosure or was developed independently from such Confidential Information, as shown by competent evidence.

6.=[Z/ol/s3]

7.Ti=Not exempted

7.sec=Specific Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be within the exceptions merely because it is embraced by more general information in the public domain or by more general information already known to the Receiving Party. In addition, any combination of information shall not be deemed to be within the exceptions in the following Section merely because all individual parts of such information are in the public domain or in the possession of the Receiving Party.

8.Ti=Court orders

8.sec=In case Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by the Receiving Party by virtue of a court order or statutory duty, the Receiving Party shall be allowed to do so, provided that it without delay informs the Disclosing Party in writing of receipt of such order or duty and that it enables the Disclosing Party reasonably to seek protection against such order or duty.

9.Ti=Return or destroy

9.sec=Upon the first request of a Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall without delay (a) return all their copies, samples and extracts of, and all other physical media containing the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, and (b) delete or destroy (and have deleted or destroyed) all automated data containing the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. Upon request by the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall confirm its compliance with these requests.

10.Ti=Post-termination

10.sec=Notwithstanding the expiry or termination of this Agreement for any reason, the secrecy and non-use obligations of the Receiving Party shall continue after expiry or termination of this Agreement.

=[Z/ol/10]
