Ti=DELIVERY AND PASSING OF OWNERSHIP

1.Ti=Delivery date

1.sec=Supplier shall deliver the Product on the delivery date specified in the Purchase Order (the Delivery Date).

2.Ti=Incoterm

2.sec=Unless specifically agreed otherwise in writing, Supplier shall deliver Products {DDP} at the named place of delivery indicated on the Purchase Order, in accordance with the Incoterms in force on the date of acceptance of the Purchase Order.

3.Ti=Ownership and risk

3.sec=Ownership of the Products shall pass to Customer at the same time the risk transfers to Customer in accordance with the applicable Incoterm. Risk of loss of Products shall pass to Customer in accordance with the applicable Incoterm.

4.Ti=Partial deliveries

4.sec=A partial delivery of Products requires prior written approval of Customer. Any additional costs shall be at Supplier’s expense, unless Customer requested the partial delivery.

5.Ti=Notice of delay

5.sec=Supplier shall promptly inform Customer if circumstances occur that may reasonably prevent it from delivering the Product on the Delivery Date. If the probable delay is greater than ten days from the Delivery Date, Customer shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to either extend the time of delivery or performance, or to terminate the Purchase Order at no costs to Customer.

Note=[Optional: 

6.Ti=Relocation or dual supply

6.1.sec=Notwithstanding Section {38.Xnum}.7, if Customer decides to relocate the manufacturing and purchasing of Products, or part of it, to its own organisation or to another Supplier for reasons other than provided in Article {20.Xnum}, Customer shall reimburse Supplier for inventories and non-cancellable supply chain commitments which Supplier can prove it has reasonably and properly incurred until the notice of termination.

6.2.sec=Supplier shall continuously make best efforts to mitigate the related costs of inventory and cancellation Customer would assume in connection with such (partial) relocation. The amount of this compensation shall not exceed the total amount of the relevant Purchase Order. If Customer and Supplier cannot agree on the amount to be paid for the incurred expenses, an independent auditor shall determine the amount.

6.=[Z/ol/s2]

=[Z/ol/6]
