Ti=PRICING

1.Ti=Prices

1.sec=Supplier shall supply Products and Spare Parts or provide Services to Customer at the prices agreed upon separately.

Note=[Optional:

2.Ti=Prices related to Development Projects

2.sec=The prices for Products shall remain fixed or decrease during the term of a Development Project. Any increase of the price of a Product shall be based only on an approved Change Request. Any such price change shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

Note=[Optional: 

3.Ti=Most favourable prices (MFN)

3.sec=Supplier shall at all times offer and charge to Customer the most favourable prices for the Products, any Spare Parts and Services. Accordingly, the prices and fees payable by Customer shall be no less favourable than those charged to other customers of Supplier. Supplier shall automatically adjust the benefits of any lower prices, charges or fees which Supplier offers to third parties, and notify Customer promptly, at its own initiative of such more favourable terms offered to third parties.

Note=[Optional: 

4.Ti=Price roadmap

4.1.sec=Supplier shall reduce the prices of Products and Spare Parts in accordance with a cost roadmap. The cost roadmap as agreed between the Parties shall apply for a period of {five years}.

4.2.sec=Customer has the right to have Supplier’s records inspected and audited by an independent auditor to ensure compliance with this Section 19.4. If significant discrepancies are found during the audit and price adjustments are required, Supplier shall reimburse Customer for all costs associated with the audit, and make a single payment covering the price adjustments within 30 days after completion of the audit.

4.=[Z/paras/s2]

5.Ti=Effort to reduce pricing

5.1.sec=Supplier shall continuously make best efforts to further optimise efficiencies and achieve cost reductions. 

Note=Optional: 

5.2.sec=Improved efficiencies and cost reductions shall inure to the benefit of Customer as well.

5.Alt1.sec={5.1.sec}

5.Alt2.sec={5.1.sec} {5.2.sec}

5.=[Z/Alt/2]

5.SecName={Xnum}.5

6.Ti=Change in prices and other terms

6.sec={6.1.sec} {6.2.sec}

6.1.sec=If prices of {materials, components, production cost, or market conditions} so require, the Parties shall discuss prices and other terms relevant for the performance of this Agreement. The prevailing prices and other agreed terms shall remain in effect until the Parties reach an agreement.

6.2.Alt1.sec=Supplier shall not increase prices for Products or Spare Parts (whether related to changed volume or quality of materials, labour or transport costs, fluctuation in interest or exchange rates or otherwise) without Customer’s prior written consent.

6.2.Alt2.sec=If the price of the Products, Spare Parts or Services cease to be competitive, the Parties shall evaluate and attempt to find a solution reasonably acceptable for both Parties.

6.2.=[Z/Alt/2]

6.2.SecName={Xnum}.6.2

Note=[Optional: 

7.Ti=Maximised price increases

7.sec=Supplier shall not increase the price of Products by more than {percent} in any year.

Note=[Optional: 

8.Ti=Effective date of price increases

8.sec=Notwithstanding any provision in this Article 7, no increase in the prices of any Products shall apply, until at least {three} months after Supplier’s written notice of increase. Purchase Orders submitted prior to such notice shall not be subject to the price increase.

Note=[Optional:

9.Ti=Termination right

9.sec=If Supplier increases or proposes to increase the price of the Products by more than { percent} in any {year}, Customer may terminate this Agreement by giving Supplier not less than {specify period} written notice.

=[Z/ol/9]