Ti=SERVICE LEVEL

Note=[Optional: 

1.Ti=SLA

1.sec=Supplier shall provide the Services in accordance with the SLA attached as Annex 4.

2.Ti=Adequate personnel available

2.sec=Each Party shall ascertain that it is at all times during the performance of its obligations able to provide the required competences and have adequately qualified, experienced and capable persons available as required from it for completing those obligations. If Customer requests that any part of the work or obligations under this Agreement be performed by certain employees of Supplier (Key People), Supplier shall ensure that such work and those obligations are carried out by those Key People.

Note=[Optional: 

3.Ti=Details of persons involved

3.sec=Upon Customer’s request from time to time, Supplier shall provide full details of any personnel it intends to assign to a Development Project or the manufacturing and supply of Products. Such details shall include the experience and qualifications of the persons involved. Customer has the right to reject persons indicated by Supplier, in which case such person shall not be engaged in a Development Project, manufacturing and supply of Products. If any of Supplier’s or its subcontractor’s personnel cannot be removed, Supplier shall so inform Customer beforehand in writing and confirm in writing that such person has at least received adequate training, experience, skill and reliability. Supplier may assign the proposed replacing persons, if Customer is satisfied.

4.Ti=IPR transferable

4.sec=Supplier shall not involve an employee in any part of the work or any obligation under this Agreement if that person has not expressly agreed to such an employment arrangement that Supplier (in its capacity of employer) is entitled to and may freely dispose of all Intellectual Property Rights developed by that employee in the course of the employment duties.

5.Ti=Replacements of key persons

5.sec=Supplier shall inform Customer of the identity and background of any replacements for any of the Key People as soon as reasonably practicable. Customer shall be entitled to interview any such person and may object to any such proposed appointment if Customer reasonably considers the proposed person to be unsuitable.

=[Z/ol/5]
